Add query logs to log forwarding (#790)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/logging/log-forwarding.adoc

[[aura-query-logs]]
= Log forwarding
:page-aliases: platform/logging/log-forwarding.adoc

label:AuraDB-Business-Critical[]
label:AuraDB-Virtual-Dedicated-Cloud[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]

> With log forwarding, you can stream logs directly to a cloud project owned by your organization, in real time. The following types of logs are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With log forwarding, you can stream logs directly to a cloud project owned by your organization, in real time. 
The following types of logs are available:
```

[NOTE]
====

> Security is of paramount importance, and therefore the security logs are initially available for free. For query logs, a volume-based egress charge will apply. Please refer to your contract for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security is of paramount importance, and therefore the security logs are initially available at no cost. 
For query logs, a volume-based egress charge will apply. 
Refer to your contract for details.
```

* label:AuraDB-Business-Critical[] A specific instance will have its logs forwarded.
* label:AuraDB-Virtual-Dedicated-Cloud[] All instances in the selected region will have their logs forwarded.
* label:AuraDS-Enterprise[] All instances in the selected region will have their logs forwarded.
. Select the type of logs to forward: *Security logs* or *Query logs*.
* For query logs, it is possible to apply certain filters to decrease the volume of forwarded data.
. Follow the instructions specific to your cloud provider.

[NOTE]
====
Only one log forwarding configuration of each type is permitted for each unique scope.
====

=== Query log filters

To apply filters to query logs, expand the Filter section in the log forwarding configuration wizard.

> Neo4j queries produce two log entries—a start entry indicating that the query was started, and an end entry containing the result of the query execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j queries produce two log entries; a start entry indicating that the query was started, and an end entry containing the result of the query execution.
```

Author: I don't like this suggestion grammatically, because to me it sounds like listing out three items. Compromise and make it a semicolon? :D

Reviewer: Deal 🤝
